Here's from where I had studied for the 3 months I was trying for switch (after 2 years in the industry):

• DSA from raj vikramaditya 's '79 Last Moment Problems', and some Graph and Tree problems from his 'A2Z Sheet' (that's all!)
• Keerti Purswani 's Design Pattern playlist and HLD mock interviews on YouTube in 1.5x speed
• Gaurav Sen 's HLD playlist (again mostly in 1.5x)
• Prasad Gujar 's LLD Primer repo for LLD practice: https://lnkd.in/gT6cs3K5 (I got one of the interview-questions directly from this set!)
https://github.com/prasadgujar/low-level-design-primer/blob/master/solutions.md
• Grokking the System Design Interview by Design Gurus (I actually bought this course to track my progress for a week, but you can get the material for free in multiple 
Github repositories)

Imo, it's not too hard to gather a limited set of resources and start preparing from it. What's harder is to believe you'll ever be fully prepared for an interview, 
which you'll never be to be honest.
So start giving interviews, and preparation will follow 🙂

All the best who're trying now.
See you on the other side! 


Great programmer. Wow, made my day, you ^. I'm one amongst many. Just got lucky here. Interviews are subjective. However, I can share what I do in general.

Strong computer science fundamentals. I mean I can argue if we need HBase or Cassandra as a data store with valid data points in a jiffy.
I actively review other's code and seek feedback for my work. Be it designs, code quality etc.
My weekends are usually me consuming good company tech blogs like Netflix/Uber/High Scalability, conference Tech talks, podcasts etc.
I actively contribute to open source. I am a stickler for documentations and presentations (this helps in my code quality and modularity)
I write about my work. I share stuff to the extent I can (just like I shared the offers and the experience here)
I read tech books. Books have been and will remain vastly superior to blogs solely because of the depth they go into.
I leetcode at least once in three weeks. No heavy competitions, just enough to stay relevant.
I read and try to understand how people operate (re: good books) and make decisions in general so I can give them the best insights into me (helps in behavioural interviews)
I ask "relevant" clarifying questions. No matter what. If I am coming as an L4, I make sure that I have a path to L5 and I'll discuss this with them upfront.
Lastly, I love what I do :